c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\BjcScraper.exe.config
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\BjcScraper.exe
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\BjcScraper.pdb
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.exe
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.pdb
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\koksy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.xml
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.xml
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\obj\Debug\BjcScraper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Koksy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BjcScraper\BjcScraper\bin\Debug\BjsScraper.exe.config
